---
title: "Winter 2025"
date: 2025-01-01
---
## The Semester's Competitions!

### NCAE CyberGames:

This competition is for people who have never competed in any Capture the Flag or other cybersecurity competition before. It is free and virtual. 
  I will have space reserved for February 15th from 10 am to 5:15 pm EST for any who would like to compete. You need to be in a team of 3 or more Oakland University students. 
***

### Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition (CCDC):
This competition is for more experienced competitors. If you have some experience and would like to attempt to get on this team, feel free to reach out! It is a free and remote compeition for the Qualifiers. Qualifiers are on February 8th expect it to take the whole day but firm times are currently TBD. The team can have 5 undergraduate spots open. 

Should we win Qualifiers, expect to travel to Moraine Valley Community College in Palos Hills, IL. 
***

### National Cyber League (NCL): 
This competition is for anyone! From beginners to advanced students, this competition offers practices available beforehand as well as individual and team games. The Individual Game is from April 11 - 13. The Team Game is from April 25 - 27. Cost is $35 per. If you want to participate and would like to get this fee covered, the deadline is January 26th!
***

>Reach out on the **CyberOU Discord** General chat or email CyberOU at <cyberou8@gmail.com> if you're interested in any of these competitions!
***

## Friday meetings!

We are going to start off the year with Friday and Saturday meetings. If Friday attendance is low, we will talk about switching it up. 

These weekday/ Friday meetings will be focused on the basics of Cybersecurity and providing study materials for the Security+ exam. Come hang out and learn a bit! All meetings for January are currently posted in GrizzOrgs and the CyberOU Discord. Friday meetings will be in a different room on the second floor of the EC. Hope to see you there. 
    
    
